Optimise logic for displaying packages at the end of `pip install` (#12791)
pypa/pip: news/12791.bugfix.rst

Improve performance. Fix code to display installed packages at the end of

>  pip install, was O(n^2) to enumerate packages due to accidental loop in loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install, was O(n^2) to enumerate packages due to accidental loop in loop.

```

> Improve performance. Fix code to display installed packages at the end of
>  pip install, was O(n^2) to enumerate packages due to accidental loop in loop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Improve pip install performance. The installed packages printout is
now calculated in linear time instead of quadratic time.
```

I think this reads a bit better. Lemme know what you think.
